"""
Guest inquires about late check-out benefits as a loyalty program member.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here is information about the hotel's loyalty program benefits regarding late check-out:
Standard Check-out Time: 12:00 PM (noon)
Loyalty Program Tiers:
Silver Tier: Complimentary late check-out until 1:00 PM (subject to availability).
Gold Tier: Complimentary late check-out until 2:00 PM (subject to availability).
Platinum Tier: Complimentary late check-out until 4:00 PM (subject to availability).
Diamond Tier: Guaranteed late check-out until 4:00 PM (no availability restrictions).
How to Avail: Inform Front Desk (Dial '0') of your loyalty membership number upon check-in or when requesting late check-out.
Membership Status Check: Guests can check their tier status via the hotel's mobile app, website, or by inquiring at the Front Desk.
Benefits of Loyalty Program: Beyond late check-out, includes room upgrades, exclusive discounts, welcome amenities, and priority service.
Joining the Program: Free to join, sign up at the Front Desk or online.
Points Earning: Earn points for every stay and eligible spend, redeemable for free nights or other rewards.
Terms & Conditions: Loyalty benefits are subject to program terms and conditions.
For non-loyalty members, standard late check-out fees apply as per hotel policy.
The hotel values its loyal guests and strives to provide enhanced experiences.
Late check-out benefits are a popular perk for our frequent travelers.
Guests are encouraged to join the loyalty program to maximize their stay benefits.
The loyalty program offers a dedicated hotline for elite members for personalized assistance.

user:
I'm a Gold member. What's my late check-out benefit?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is a Gold loyalty member asking about their late check-out benefit. The system prompt clearly states the benefit for Gold Tier members. I will provide this information.

assistant channel=final:
As a valued Gold Tier member, you are eligible for a complimentary late check-out until 2:00 PM, subject to availability. Please inform our Front Desk when you'd like to request this benefit.

user:
If I upgrade to Platinum today, will I immediately get the guaranteed 4 PM late check-out for my current stay?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking if an immediate upgrade to Platinum tier will grant them the guaranteed 4 PM late check-out for their *current* stay. The system prompt outlines the Platinum benefit but does not specify if an in-stay tier upgrade immediately applies to current stay benefits, especially for guaranteed perks. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] This question goes beyond the available knowledge here. Looking up the latest information.
