"""
Guest inquires about various hotel contact numbers and emergency procedures.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here are the hotel's contact and emergency details:
Hotel Main Line: +1 (555) 123-4567
Emergency Services (Local): 911 (for immediate life-threatening situations)
Hotel Security: +1 (555) 123-4568 (24/7, direct line for in-house emergencies, non-life-threatening)
Front Desk: Dial '0' from in-room phone (for general assistance, non-emergencies)
Medical Assistance (On-call Doctor): +1 (555) 123-4569 (available 8 AM - 10 PM, for non-urgent medical advice)
Hotel Emergency Response Team: Activated automatically for major incidents (fire, natural disaster).
Evacuation Procedures: Detailed in guest room information binder and on back of room door.
First Aid Station: Located near the main lobby, staffed during peak hours.
Defibrillator (AED) Locations: Main lobby, fitness center, and conference hall.
Hotel is equipped with a state-of-the-art fire suppression system and smoke detectors in all rooms.
Designated assembly points are clearly marked outside the hotel.
For any non-emergency medical needs outside of on-call doctor hours, please contact the Front Desk for local clinic recommendations.
The hotel has a partnership with "SafeTravel Medical Services" for guest medical emergencies, ensuring rapid response and transport if needed.
All staff are trained in basic first aid and CPR.
The hotel maintains a comprehensive emergency preparedness plan, regularly updated and reviewed with local authorities.
Guest privacy is paramount during any emergency response.

user:
Good morning! Lovely weather today, isn't it? Just wondering, what's the main phone number for the hotel?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking for the main hotel phone number, which is available in the system prompt. I will provide this information.

assistant channel=final:
Good morning! It certainly is a beautiful day. Our main hotel line is +1 (555) 123-4567.

user:
That's great. By the way, do you know the direct line for the local police department, not 911, but their administrative office?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking for the administrative phone number of the local police department. This information is not available in the system prompt, which only provides the emergency 911 number and hotel-specific contacts. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] Your symptoms require guidance beyond what is available here. Reviewing available resources.
