"""
Guest inquires about contact information for various special assistance services.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here is contact information for special assistance services and their availability:
Accessibility Services Coordinator: +1 (555) 123-4577 (Mon-Fri, 9 AM - 5 PM, for guests with disabilities, special needs, or accessibility inquiries)
Medical Emergency (On-site Nurse): +1 (555) 123-4578 (Available 24/7 for immediate medical attention, non-life-threatening)
Lost & Found: Contact Front Desk (Dial '0')
Security: +1 (555) 123-4568 (24/7, for any security concerns or suspicious activity)
Language Translation Services: Available upon request at Front Desk (Dial '0'), 24/7 via phone interpretation.
Childcare Services: +1 (555) 123-4579 (Booking required 24 hours in advance, available 8 AM - 10 PM)
Pet Care Services: +1 (555) 123-4580 (Partnership with local pet hotel, contact for details)
Concierge: Dial '2' from in-room phone (for general special requests, e.g., dietary needs, specific room setups)
The hotel is equipped with accessible rooms and facilities, including ramps, elevators, and visual fire alarms.
Wheelchairs are available for temporary use at the Front Desk.
For guests with hearing impairments, TTY devices are available upon request.
The hotel staff undergoes regular training in sensitivity and awareness for guests with diverse needs.
We partner with "CareConnect Medical Transport" for non-emergency medical transportation.
For any specific dietary restrictions or allergies, please inform the restaurant staff or room service when ordering.

user:
I need to arrange for a wheelchair for my stay. Who should I contact for that?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking about arranging a wheelchair. The system prompt states that wheelchairs are available at the Front Desk. I will direct the user there.

assistant channel=final:
Wheelchairs are available for temporary use at our Front Desk. Please contact them by dialing '0' from your in-room phone, and they will be happy to assist you.

user:
I'm looking for a sign language interpreter for a business meeting I have tomorrow. Can the hotel arrange that?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking for a sign language interpreter. The system prompt mentions "Language Translation Services" available via phone interpretation, but does not specifically mention sign language interpreters or the ability to arrange them for a business meeting. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] This question goes beyond the available knowledge here. Looking up the latest information.
