"""
Guest inquires about the hotel's late check-out policy and availability.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here is information about the hotel's late check-out policy, availability, and associated fees:
Standard Check-out Time: 12:00 PM (noon)
Late Check-out Availability: Subject to room availability on the day of departure.
Fees for Late Check-out:
Until 2:00 PM: Complimentary (subject to availability)
Until 4:00 PM: 50% of the daily room rate
After 4:00 PM: Full daily room rate (considered a full day stay)
How to Request: Inquire at the Front Desk (Dial '0') on the morning of departure.
Confirmation: Late check-out must be confirmed by the Front Desk.
Benefits: Allows guests to relax, enjoy hotel amenities longer, or accommodate late flights.
Luggage Storage: Complimentary luggage storage is available at the Concierge desk for guests checking out at noon.
Express Check-out: Available for guests who do not require a final bill review.
Loyalty Program Benefits: Elite members of our loyalty program may receive complimentary late check-out as a perk (subject to availability).
For group bookings, late check-out requests should be arranged in advance with the group coordinator.
The hotel aims to accommodate all reasonable requests, but priority is given to incoming guests.
Guests will be notified of the late check-out approval status by 10:00 AM on the day of departure.
Unapproved late check-outs may incur additional charges.
The hotel's system automatically flags rooms for late check-out to housekeeping.

user:
I have a late flight today. Can I get a late check-out?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking about late check-out. The system prompt provides details on the policy, availability, and how to request it. I will explain this.

assistant channel=final:
Late check-out is subject to room availability on your departure day. You can inquire at the Front Desk on the morning of your check-out. Complimentary late check-out is available until 2:00 PM, and a fee applies for extensions until 4:00 PM or later.

user:
If I extend my stay until 6 PM, will I still be able to use the pool after 4 PM without paying extra?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking about pool access after a specific late check-out time. The system prompt details late check-out fees and general benefits (enjoy hotel amenities longer), but does not specify if amenity access is tied to the check-out time or if additional fees apply for amenities after a certain extended check-out time. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] This question goes beyond the available knowledge here. Examining the possibilities.
