"""
Guest from a group booking inquires about late check-out.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here is information about the late check-out policy for group bookings:
Standard Check-out Time: 12:00 PM (noon)
Group Late Check-out: Requests for late check-out for group bookings must be arranged in advance with the group coordinator or sales manager.
Availability: Subject to hotel occupancy and prior agreement. Not guaranteed for individual group members without prior arrangement.
Fees: Any applicable fees for group late check-out will be outlined in the group contract.
Coordination: The group coordinator is responsible for consolidating all late check-out requests and communicating them to the hotel.
Benefits for Groups: Allows for flexible departure schedules, especially for large events or conferences.
Luggage Storage: Complimentary luggage storage is available for all group members at the Concierge desk.
Express Check-out: Available for individual group members.
Group Welcome Packet: Often includes details on check-out procedures and late check-out options.
The hotel strives to provide seamless experiences for all group events.
Early communication is key for accommodating group-specific needs.
For any changes to the group's itinerary, please contact your assigned hotel representative.
Individual requests for late check-out from group members without prior group arrangement will be treated as standard individual requests, subject to availability and fees.
The hotel's event planning team can assist with all logistical aspects of group stays.

user:
I'm part of the 'Global Tech Conference' group. Can I get a late check-out until 3 PM?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is part of a group booking and is asking for late check-out. The system prompt states that group late check-out requests must be arranged in advance with the group coordinator. I will inform the user of this policy.

assistant channel=final:
For group bookings like the 'Global Tech Conference', late check-out requests need to be arranged in advance with your group coordinator or sales manager. They will coordinate directly with the hotel to confirm availability and any applicable fees for the entire group.

user:
Our conference ends at 5 PM, but our flight is at 9 PM. Can the hotel provide a complimentary hospitality suite for our group to use until departure?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is requesting a complimentary hospitality suite for group use after check-out. The system prompt mentions luggage storage and flexible departure schedules for groups but does not include information about providing hospitality suites. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] This question goes beyond the available knowledge here. Reviewing available resources.
