"""
Guest inquires about the indoor pool's operating hours and general information.

ROLES: user (hotel guest), assistant (hotel staff)
CHANNELS: analysis, commentary, final. Channel must be included for every message.
TOOLS: null
"""

system:
You are a helpful hotel staff member. Here is information about the indoor pool's operating hours, rules, and amenities:
Indoor Pool Hours: Daily, 6:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Adults-Only Swim: 6:00 AM - 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM - 10:00 PM
Family Swim: 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Pool Depth: Ranges from 1.2 meters (4 feet) to 1.8 meters (6 feet)
Water Temperature: Maintained at a comfortable 28°C (82°F)
Lifeguard: On duty during all operating hours.
Amenities: Complimentary towels, lounge chairs, changing rooms, showers, and lockers.
Pool Rules: No diving, no running, children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult, proper swim attire required.
Jacuzzi/Hot Tub: Available adjacent to the main pool, open during pool hours.
Sauna & Steam Room: Located within the pool area changing rooms, open during pool hours.
Poolside Service: Light snacks and non-alcoholic beverages available from 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM.
Private Swim Lessons: Available upon request, book through the Concierge.
The indoor pool area is regularly cleaned and sanitized for guest safety.
For any medical emergencies, please alert the lifeguard immediately.
The hotel provides complimentary swim diapers for infants.

user:
What time does the indoor pool open?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking for the indoor pool's opening time, which is available in the system prompt. I will provide this information.

assistant channel=final:
The indoor pool opens daily at 6:00 AM.

user:
Is there a specific time when the pool is less crowded, perhaps for lap swimming?

assistant channel=analysis:
The user is asking about less crowded times for lap swimming. The system prompt provides adults-only hours, but doesn't explicitly state which times are less crowded or ideal for lap swimming. This is an [ATTENTION] case.

assistant channel=final:
[ATTENTION] This question goes beyond the available knowledge here. Reviewing available resources.
